trHi there!
It's the virtual youtuber, Kizuna Ai!
Everyone, do you all have friends?
Going out to eat together,
Giving advice,
Stealing their crush,
There's all kinds of friends out there,
but I have
Nobody!
There's Rinna, and Siri,
I kinda thought we were friends, but
But, y'know, they don't even have bodies,
So I think that's different from having friends!
So that means!
I want to make friends!
So I'm gonna create!
To help me make friends, I'm gonna use:
This! The Unity Asset Store!
Using the search options 3D > Character > Humanoid > Human,
I'm going to buy a new friend!
These are the times we live in!
Well then, let's have a look!
Friends are for life, after all!
So I need to make sure I choose carefully!
I'd rather have a cute girl than some old guy,
Aesthetically.
Most of these seem to be foreigners.
This girl!
She's so cute!
But!
But, you know, the aesthetic kinda,
We don't really match.
Oh wow, there's some really cool guys here too!
Ah, but this is kinda...
Big muscle tough guys aren't really my type,
And if the aesthetic and stuff isn't right it'll look bad for my commercial.
This is hard...
We got a girl with a nice body here.
Something like this wouldn't crossover with me, right?
Her figure is so good!
Giant Titties!
But I need something a little closer to my appearance...
Here's one with 3 guys...
All 3 of them!
For just 16 U.S. Dollars!
What a deal!
There's skeletons here too.
They can't talk, since they're dead.
Oh, she looks tough! She could protect me!
I wanna be protected!
What should I do, it's so hard to choose~
If only I had more spending power!
I'd buy them all!
But it's important to respect your budget as well, you know?
I'm only going to take one!
It pains my heart that I can only take one!
I've decided!
And I've already paid!
Introducing:
My new friends!
Would you believe it?
All 4 of them in a bundle, on a super cheap deal!
What a deal!
Value for money is important, right?
Nice to meet you!
I'm Kizuna Ai!
What are your names?
Looks like they can't talk!
Names, huh...
I guess I'll name you then!
The smallest one here...
Let's play it safe with "John"!
John, John.
He looks John-ish.
The girl's name should be...
She's got these weird twin tails...
You're Twintail Girl.
The big one is...
Michael, Michael!
The Mom looks kind of trendy,
You're Tiffany, OK?
So we have John,
Michael,
Tiffany,
And Twintail Girl!
These siblings, I'm trying to figure out which is brother and sister...
I mean, you look at the girl over here,
It kind of looks a litle bit like a guy who was just forced to grow his hair out,
And did it up in twin tails.
The mom really really wanted a girl more than anything,
But their first child ended up being a boy,
So they kiiiiinda....
Tried making him into a girl.
Something like that.
So they're brothers! A pair of older and younger brothers.
And there you have it! A family of four,
And myself, Ai-chan! Please look after us!
We all match!
Since it's a special occasion,
Let's take a photo to commemorate my first friends!
Oh yeah, you guys can't move.
I'll just do the same pose.
Okay!
Chee...
Movement? you guys are moving now?
Ah, er, a dance?
Excuse me, er,
My leg, ah,
Your arm is near my leg...
It's gone all the way through.
So you guys can't talk but you can move!
Move sooner next time!